docs: explain partial indexes (#3640)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ysql/commands/ddl_create_index.md

Specify a list of columns which will be included in the index as non-key columns.

### WHERE clause

A partial index is an index that is built on a subset of a table and includes only rows that satisfy the condition specified in the `WHERE` clause. 
It can be used to exclude NULL or common values from the index. 
This will speed up any writes to the table since rows containing the common column values don't need to be indexed. 
It will also reduce the size of the index, thereby improving the speed for read queries that use the index.

> It can also be used to index just the rows of interest. [See below for example](#partial-indexes).

Reviewer: Merge this with the statement above:
It can be used to exclude NULL or common values from the index, or include just the rows of interest.

 code   | text | no   | code
lsm, for table "public.products"
```

### Partial indexes

For example, an application maintaining a `shipments` table may have a column for shipment status. 

> If the application mostly accesses the in-flight shipments, then it can use a partial index to exclude rows whose shipment status is `delivered`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider an application maintaining shipments information. It has a `shipments` table with a column for `delivery_status`. If the application needs to access in-flight shipments frequently, then it can use a partial index to exclude rows whose shipment status is `delivered`.
```

 code   | text | no   | code
lsm, for table "public.products"
```

### Partial indexes

In YSQL/Postgresql, `NULL` values are always considered unique (`NULL` != `NULL`) To enforce uniqueness, we can also 

> create a partial index only when `code` isn't `NULL`.

Reviewer: Please remove this part.
You can change the example to:
```
yugabyte=# create table shipments(id int, delivery_status text, address text, delivery_date date);
yugabyte=# create index shipment_delivery on shipments(delivery_status, address, delivery_date) where delivery_status != 'delivered';
```
